Composer
========

Composer is a song editor for creating (and converting) notes for music games in various formats. It attempts to make the process easy by automating as much as possible while providing a simple and attractive interface to do the remaining manual work.

Homepage: http://performous.org/composer

Features
--------

* Song pitch analysis based on the esteemed algorithms from Performous.
* Zoomable interface to quickly get an overview or doing very precise timing.
* Possibility to synthesize the notes to get a feel of their "sound".
* Import/export in various formats including:
	- SingStar XML
	- UltraStar TXT
	- Frets on Fire MIDI
	- LRC


Build & Install
--------

For building the master branch you will need:
Qt5:
Core, Gui, Widgets, Network, XML, Multimedia, Multimedia-widgets, Multimedia-plugins and Platform files

FFmpeg/Libav:
LibAVCodec, LibAVUtil, LibAVFormat, LibAVResample and/or LibSWResample (when cross-compiling with ffmpeg)

Other:
Zlib, Xvid, ssleay, libxml, libx264, libvorbis, libtheora, libspeex, libpng, libstdc++, libpcre,
libopus, libopencore, libogg, libnettle, libmp3lame, liblzma, libintl, libiconv, libhogweed, libharfbuzz, libgnutls, libgmp, glib, libgcc, libfreetype, libeay32, libbz2, libbluray, icuuc, icuin, icudt.

Build for linux:
To build for linux simply install the required libraries through your distribution's package manager along with CMake. Then create a build folder and use cmake (or cmake-gui) to generate your makefiles. Then make && make install (last command might require root privileges).

Build for Windows:
todo
